Properly document keepalive and other tcp options (#60216)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/modules/network.asciidoc

setting. Defaults to `true`.

`network.tcp.keep_alive`::
Configures the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option for this socket, which
determines whether it sends TCP keepalive probes.

`network.tcp.keep_idle`:: Configures the `TCP_KEEPIDLE` option for this socket, which
determines the time in seconds that a connection must be idle before
starting to send TCP keepalive probes. Defaults to `-1` which means to use

> the system default. May not be greater than 300. Only applicable on Linux and macOS,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the smaller of 300 or the system default. May not be greater than 300. Only applicable on Linux and macOS,
```

Reviewer: Ok, no, I understood #59278 ok and misunderstood this change. This suggestion isn't right.

> starting to send TCP keepalive probes. Defaults to `-1` which means to use
> the system default. May not be greater than 300. Only applicable on Linux and macOS,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
starting to send TCP keepalive probes. Defaults to `-1`, which uses
the system default. This value cannot exceed `300` seconds. Only applicable on Linux and macOS,
```

and requires Java 11 or newer.

`network.tcp.keep_interval`:: Configures the `TCP_KEEPINTVL` option for this socket,
which determines the time in seconds between sending TCP keepalive probes.

> Defaults to `-1` which means to use the system default. May not be greater than 300.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defaults to `-1` which means to use the smaller of 300 or the system default. May not be greater than 300.
```

Reviewer: Ok, no, I understood #59278 ok and misunderstood this change. This suggestion isn't right.

> Defaults to `-1` which means to use the system default. May not be greater than 300.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Defaults to `-1`, which uses the system default. This value cannot exceed `300` seconds.
```

Only applicable on Linux and macOS, and requires Java 11 or newer.

`network.tcp.keep_count`:: Configures the `TCP_KEEPCNT` option for this socket, which
determines the number of unacknowledged TCP keepalive probes that may be

> sent on a connection before it is dropped. Defaults to `-1` which means to
> use the system default. Only applicable on Linux and macOS, and requires

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sent on a connection before it is dropped. Defaults to `-1`,
which uses the system default. Only applicable on Linux and macOS, and requires
```
